
BBBS Volunteering 2024/2025 - KIPP Durham Today

Details Encompasses all volunteering trips for BBBS mentors at Duke. In a given trip, a mentor will drive to KIPP Durham, meet with their matched student ("Little") for 1 hour, and then drive back to campus. https://kippnc.org/ Copy Link

BBBS Volunteering 2024/2025 - KIPP Durham Today

Details Encompasses all volunteering trips for BBBS mentors at Duke. In a given trip, a mentor will drive to KIPP Durham, meet with their matched student ("Little") for 1 hour, and then drive back to campus. https://kippnc.org/ Copy Link

BBBS Volunteering 2024/2025 - KIPP Durham Today

Details Encompasses all volunteering trips for BBBS mentors at Duke. In a given trip, a mentor will drive to KIPP Durham, meet with their matched student ("Little") for 1 hour, and then drive back to campus. https://kippnc.org/ Copy Link

BBBS Volunteering 2024/2025 - KIPP Durham Today

Details Encompasses all volunteering trips for BBBS mentors at Duke. In a given trip, a mentor will drive to KIPP Durham, meet with their matched student ("Little") for 1 hour, and then drive back to campus. https://kippnc.org/ Copy Link

BCS volunteer Today

Details sending BCS students volunteers to Neal Middle School Copy Link

Social Security Drop-offs Today

Details This is the schedule to show the drop off times and dates for students who needs a social security number https://www.ssa.gov/ Copy Link

Hatha Yoga in the Wellness Center Today

Details This is a practice of Asana (physical movement), Pranayama (breathing exercises), and Dhyana (meditation). Each class will include mindfulness & breath control techniques, warm up movements to activate the body, a sequence of postures to maintain balance, flexibility and strength, and finally a deep relaxation experience. This is a wonderful holistic practice to engage the body, mind and spirit and strengthen our physical, mental, and spiritual well-being.This group meets every Monday from 11:00 am-12:00 pm in Room 148. Open to all Duke Students, faculty, and staff. Copy Link

Finals De-stress with Therapy Dogs Today

Details Duke PAWS is partnering with Canines for Service to bring therapy dogs to BC plaza and help students de-stress before finals! Copy Link

Society of Duke Fellows - November Research Lunch Today

Details SDF monthly lunch and learn Food Provided Copy Link

Duke-Approved Workshop Today

Details Join GEO staff for an informative workshop on Duke-Approved study abroad programs. Learn about the course approval process, application requirements, and key deadlines. This session is mandatory for all students planning to study abroad on Duke-Approved programs (which are not administered by Duke). Multiple Duke-Approved workshops will be offered throughout the semester. Please visit the GEO Duke Group or the GEO Events Calendar to view all upcoming sessions. For general information about study away, students should attend a Study Abroad 101 sessions listed on the GEO Events Calendar. This session only covers Duke-Approved programming. Copy Link

Crafting on East Campus Today

Details Give yourself the time to embark on a crafting project that allows you to be creative! This session invites you to make something that you can take with you as an ongoing reminder of how important it is to lean into your imagination. Materials will be provided, no experience necessary! Copy Link

Meditative Art in the Wellness Center Today

Details Meditative Art is an opportunity to relax and be creative without the pressure of performing. We invite you to practice mindfulness and experience peace by leaving it all on paper. No experience necessary and materials will be provided! Copy Link

PSL Studying Abroad Panel Today

Details Curious about studying abroad? Want to connect with upperclassmen and GEO staff? Join us for an informative panel about studying abroad. Dinner (Jimmy John's) will be provided! Food Provided (Jimmy John's sandwiches) Copy Link

Collage Night Today

Details Join your Academic Guide in Crowell House H for some collaging, career resources, and snacks! Copy Link

Rami Davidian's Heroic Story Today

Details We plan to bring a guest speaker who is an Israeli citizen and saved hundreds of civilians from the Nova music festival on 10/7. Copy Link

Blackness: Yours, Mine, and Ours Discussion Series Part 1, First Encounters Today

Details The Blackness: Yours, Mine, and Ours Discussion Series provides a safe space for Black-identified graduate and undergraduate students to engage in open conversations on the joys, challenges, complexities, and beauty of developing a Black racial identity. We encourage participants to lean into their authenticity as we, together, explore the diverse and rich perceptions of Blackness in all its beauty. In this session, we will discuss our first encounters with race, and explore how our perceptions of Blackness have transformed over time. This event will be held in person. Food Provided Copy Link

Scrapbooking and Study Hall Today

Details Students will be able to scrapbook and work alongside the organization. Copy Link

Effective Communication Today

Details Copy Link

Cru Freshman Girls' Life Group Today

Details We gather to talk about the Bible and do life together. Copy Link

Skanska CEE Talk Today

Details Guest Speaker and Duke Alum, Will Senner will talk to students about his experience being the project manager for the construction of the Brodhead Center. Food Provided (Chick Fil A) Copy Link

Guided Meditation in the Wellness Center Today

Details This wellness experience allows you to learn a new skill or continue your practice as you relax more and worry less while coming together with the greater Duke community.Each session is guided by a facilitator. This group meets every Monday from 6pm - 7pm in Room 148 of the Student Wellness Center. Open to all Duke Students, faculty, and staff. Copy Link

Jewish Learning Fellowship 1.0 Today

Details The Jewish Learning Fellowship is a 10-week experiential, conversational seminar for Jewish students looking to deepen their understanding of Judaism on their own terms. This JLF is “Life’s Big Questions” and is taught by Rabbi Elana. Copy Link

VisArts Figure Drawing Workshop Today

Details Hosted by VisArts in a Smith Warehouse art studio, students are provided materials to express their interpretation of the models Copy Link

VisArts Figure Drawing Workshop Today

Details Hosted by VisArts in a Smith Warehouse art studio, students are provided materials to express their interpretation of the models Copy Link

Bollywood Week : Kapoor & Sons Today

Details Join us for a screening of this family drama as the beginning of Bollywood Week! Copy Link

Buddhist Meditation in the Wellness Center Today

Details Come gather Monday evenings to meditate and connect with Buddhist Meditation Community at Duke (BMCD). Although we are rooted in Buddhist meditation, our group represents diverse faith traditions and spiritualities. Whether you are familiar with mindfulness meditation or are completely new, I hope you know that you have a place here!In our weekly gatherings, we'll explore a range of opportunities to stay present, manage everyday stressors, practice lovingkindness, and tune into truth. Copy Link

NAHM Game Night! Today

Details A fun night of community bonding among Native students and allies in Wekit (001A Bryan Center) Copy Link

EDF Climate Corps - Internship Panel & Case Breakout Session Today

Details Get ready for an hour of EDF Climate Corps interview prep! Join us for an engaging Q&A with our EDF Alumni panelists, a discussion on casing specific to the EDF interview process, and an interactive breakout session where you’ll collaborate with peers and an EDF alum to dive into an example case study. Don’t miss this opportunity to sharpen your skills before the EDF application is due! Copy Link

GBM 1 Today

Details Fall general body meeting Copy Link

Austin and Sarah's Small Gropu Today

Details Weekly small group meetings! Copy Link

Duke STEM Connect GBM Today

Details Weekly meeting for general body members to plan experiments for the upcoming week of volunteering Copy Link

Cru Freshman Girls' Life Group Today

Details We will meet together to study the Bible and encourage one another Copy Link

Minute to Win It Game Show Today

Details Compete in minute-long games, from Face the Cookie to Cotton Ball Scoop, for the chance to win BIG prizes and represent your Quad! Duke@Nite and Quad Cup are thrilled to present the Minute to Win It game show at Keohane Atrium, where you can come to play, enjoy Quickly boba and Insomnia cookies, and pick up free Quad baseball cap merch! Copy Link

PIHE GBM Today

Details Partners in Health Engage General Body Meeting Open to all! Copy Link

Guest Lecture - PIHE GBM Today

Details Partners in Health Engage General Body Meeting Open to all! Copy Link

PIHE GBM Today

Details Partners in Health Engage General Body Meeting Open to all! Copy Link

Cyber Policy Team Weekly Mtg Today

Details Learn about cyber & national security, particularly from a strategic & organizational perspective! Copy Link
